Your challenge, should you choose to accept it,
is to implement Google Analytics on our current TodoMVC site.
And there's two basic pieces that we can look at implementing.
And the one that you should do first is start tracking page views.
So, initially when the page is loaded, like for the root URL,
we should track a page view for the root URL.
And then, there's actually a router within the application,
if I go back here, like say if I filter for active events,
or active todos, or all,
these are actually different routes that are just happening client-side.
And if you're doing a rich JavaScript application,
you'll want to track these different routes as page view events as well.
So,
what we'll want to do is have page view events fire
for all of these different routes,
and even though they're just happening in JavaScript,
we'll track them as page views just the same.
The signing up for Google Analytics is very easy and it is free.
And you'll be given a tracking code that you can
use with this handy dandy module, which is universal analytics.
Where is that at?
Maybe I'll just go to npm directly.
It's just called universal-analytics, I believe.
And after you sign up, you'll be able to install this module,
require it in your code, and then on initialization,
pass in your Google Analytics account ID.
So once you have that, you can use like some kind of unique user identifier.
You won't want to actually pass in any personally identifying information,
but if you have a UUID for a given user,
you can use that.
Otherwise, you can just initialize it with this tracking code.
Once you have that,
there is a bit of a delay before page view data
starts showing up in Google Analytics.
But you can also start adding some logic to track specific
page views from within your application.
And, the second task, if you get through this piece,
will be tracking custom events.
So, for a visitor, you can fire a custom event with a given category,
and a given action, or with a label.
And then there's also this optional value.
And if there are events in your application that are higher value than others,
you can kind of configure those weights within your event tracking as well.
I actually don't use that piece of functionality right now,
so I wouldn't be able to tell you very much about it,
but that is a possibility.
So the last code challenge of the day is going to be implementing
Google Analytics' page view tracking in our application,
but with the caveat that we only want to do it in the production environment.
For testing, you could implement it for the development environment as well,
but you'll want to have a way to only enable Google Analytics
in your production environment so you're not firing off events and page views during development.